# POST
POST is a location-embedding foundation model (LEM) representing geographic coordinates as high dimensional feature embeddings, which are designed to enable a better understanding of the world. These embeddings encode spatial context by using spatial analysis and inference. It learns by spatially embedding the "data about the dirt" into vector spaces, providing a world model that represents coordinates not just as absolute positions, POST learns to represent relative locations, place, human-environment interaction, and movement of people, goods and ideas  in the physical world.

* Model details -  POST is based on location-embedding foundation model (LEM) architecture, which uses spatial analysis and inference to embed data into vector spaces. POST is trained on large amounts of location data, known facts, from which other known facts can be learned. POST uses geoenrichment techniques to perform the spatial and inference analysis. The test model was trained on 17.9 million locations.
* Intended uses -  POST location-embedding foundation models (LEMs) serve as the building blocks for grounding language models to the physical world. LEMs leverage authoritative GIS data sources that tether the AI outputs to real-world data and contexts. POST reduces hallucinations and bias, enhances accuracy and reliability, and improves contextual awareness by using facts based in the real-world thereby giving the AI an internal world model, which they lack natively.
* Limitations - While POST is well trained in spatial analysis and inference, it is only as good as the data it is trained on so it is critically important to have humans review POST output to ensure data quality and accurate interpretation of its results. The POST embedding model does not have the capability to independently search the web or any internal databases not provided to it during its training. The model can still hallucinate if not provided data that has not been validated, cleaned, and aggregated.
* Training data - The current test training data used for POST comes from only publicly available data sources. POST can be securely trained on corporate GIS databases.
* Evaluation - POST was tested on standard spatial relationships to validate the quality of its inference and ability to answer questions. Early alpha testers will soon have access to evaluate POST using unstructured testing. Upon completion of early alpha testing, an early-access closed beta will begin.
